We have this breaking news,
what's believed to be a
declaration of criminal intent
written by fugitive Girl A has
been released to the public.
The note reads
I killed three people
[Girl] What is this?
[TV Presenter] A
couple of years ago,
but if I get out of--
Wings and arrows, can
they be given to humans
who aren't God candidates?
Yes, but only with conditions.
[TV Presenter] Is being
held at local juvenile--
Metropoliman could have
given them to that girl?
Yeah, but weren't her three
earlier murder victims
stabbed to death with a knife?
Hey, if she's gotten
hold of a knife
she won't need a white arrow.
[birds cawing]
A photo of the girl has
already been uploaded
to the internet.
[Nasse] Wow, look at her.
Cute, don't you think?
Oh yeah, she was an
amateur model apparently.
Everyone was talking her
up until she got arrested.
According to the eyewitnesses,
the staff showed her
out the front gate.
This one guy says they had
big smiles on their faces
and waved as she left.
As soon as she was out,
she vanished instantly.
Well I guess that confirms it.
She's got a red arrow and wings.
[Girl A] This is crazy.
[girls moaning]
I'm so happy.
[Girl] Me too.
[Girls moaning]
Onto the next girl already, huh?
Hey, keep it down out here.
Mr. Metropoliman,
you came to see me.
I'm so happy.
I missed you.
Hold on a minute.
Who's this guy, Misurin?
I don't like most boys
cause they're dirty,
except for my darling
Mr. Poliman, right?
I checked out the tower.
She was fairly pretty that one.
I told you to pick ugly girls.
Sorry about that.
Did I make a mistake-arin?
She was on the edge
of acceptability.
[Mr. Metropoliman] This
one's pretty borderline too.
Really?
Nevermind, just do what
I tell you from now on.
Yes, Sir!
And just like that he's gone.
Now then where were we?
Is it time to get
a little naughtier?
[dramatic music]
[Girl gasping]
[Girl] Wow, this is so much fun.
Oh wow, this is crazy.
Yep, it's cray all right.
[Girl] What are we
gonna do Misurin?
And if you know me,
you know I love crazy.
[opening theme music]
All right, let's review
everything we know so far.
Metropoliman currently
has three sets of wings
and three arrows he picked
up from the candidates
he's been able to
eliminate to date.
He's also found out that
it's possible to share wings
and arrows with humans
who aren't God candidates.
However, he can't just hand
them over unconditionally.
To give them to someone,
the God candidate must first
hit that person
with a red arrow.
Once the tools have been shared,
the human can use the wings
and arrows as they please,
until the initial
red arrow's effects
wear off after 33 days.
Which means for now Girl A can--
It means until those
33 days are up,
she can use those tools to
commit unlimited murders.
I can't believe this.
How could he share wings and
an arrow with a known murderer?
The guy's lost his mind.
The only thing he's focused on
is making sure that
he becomes God.
He's clearly using
Girl A as nothing more
than some kind of allure
so he can kill anyone
who tries to stop her.
What are we supposed to do now?
Do we just let her run amuck?
By asking that, what
you're really asking is
whether we want to take
Metropoliman's bait or not.
Yeah, exactly.
It would be dangerous.
What do you think
we should do here?
My advice to you is to
kill Girl A and fast.
She's a murderer with a fondness
for middle-school girls,
who has wings and a red arrow.
Once she makes them
fall in love with her,
killing them becomes easy.
For all we know she's
doing that right now.
Just thinking about it
makes me want to stop her.
Especially after we
watched Metropoliman murder
that young girl at the stadium.
We know the setup.
We focus our efforts on Girl
A and while we're distracted,
he sneaks in and removes
us one at a time.
But we turn the tables.
We shoot him with a white
arrow and kill him instead.
That's our best option.
[Mirai gasping]
I'd have to shoot him.
I'm the only one who
has a white arrow.
Look, if we kill
Metropoliman, Girl A
goes back to being normal.
She won't be a threat.
Metropoliman is the
root of all of this.
He can't be allowed to live.
I'm determined to see him
bite the dust before I do.
Don't you think
I'm right, Mirai?
Don't you want to wipe him out?
I don't really want
to kill anyone.
Why use a white arrow?
Maybe we could stop the
guy with a red arrow.
You're not entirely wrong,
but let's assume for a moment
that you do shoot Metropoliman
with a red arrow.
It might not work.
If someone else ended up
shooting you with a red arrow,
the tables would turn instantly.
Metropoliman has two more
sets of wings and arrows.
He might've shared them with
someone else besides Girl A.
Someone who could sneak
up and attack you.
I believe if the
opportunity presents itself,
we should take him out.
I understand what
you're saying, really,
but I still have doubts.
I don't know if any of that
makes it all right
to kill someone.
It's either us or him.
Can't you just think
of it as self-defense?
I'd rather be deceived
than deceive someone.
I'd rather be bullied than
be the one to bully someone.
I'd rather be killed
than kill someone.
You see, that is
what I believed.
Even on the day I
tried to kill myself,
I felt that no matter what
happened, I shouldn't hate.
What, hey, are you serious?
That kind of attitude may work
as the teachings of a Saint,
but even grade school kids
would call that foolish.
I understand.
It isn't the time to be
saying something like that.
However--
However, in the end, that's
what's good about you.
That's what I believe anyway.
All right, look at it this way.
Suppose you, no, suppose
Saki here is the one
who's in Metropoliman's line
of fire at the present moment.
You're able to sneak up on him,
so you're in position
to shoot him first
without him noticing you,
but you only have one shot.
Do you choose the red
arrow or the white arrow?
Wait a minute.
The red arrow or
the white arrow?
What's the most effective
way to stop him?
Red, wait, no.
If he's already been shot
with a red arrow by an ally,
mine won't be able
to pierce his armor.
Saki and I will both be killed.
Then, white, use it.
[somber music]
[Mirai breathing heavily]
Leave her alone!
Please don't do this!
No!
[Mirai crying]
Hey, what's wrong?
I can't, I can't do it.
Can't kill the guy
with a white arrow.
All right, that's
enough for today.
He'll have to find the
courage at some point.
Well, I'll come by
again tomorrow
and we'll talk some more.
Meanwhile, keep your guard up.
If he's trying to lure
out God candidates,
he'll send a clear signal.
Okay, we won't do
anything reckless.
Mirai, about that hypothetical.
In a situation like that,
if someone's about to be killed,
you can use your red arrow.
Metropoliman's something
of a control freak.
I'm sure he wouldn't even
allow an ally to shoot him.
Mr. Mukaido.
I'm sorry.
Believe me, in
spite of everything,
I want you to live
as long as possible.
Geez kid, you're
gonna make me cry.
Later.
[Kanade] Why are the
police so incompetent?
And you were considerate enough
to anonymously
report the murder.
You even told them where to go.
I need them to find
the body promptly
and make a huge fuss over it.
Is this really going
to lure anyone out?
Probably.
I'm sure there are one or
two soft-hearted idiots
among the God candidates.
It's fine if nobody
actually shows.
Reducing the number of
ugly girls out there,
makes Minamikawa's
wish come true.
No way.
It's a coincidence.
[TV Presenter] Yesterday,
the ministry of health,
labor, and welfare
released data estimates
from last year's national--
Daddy's got lots of
medicines to take.
Here's some water.
Oh thanks very much, Nanaka.
[TV Presenter] Making it
the fewest number of births--
Nanato, you've been
going out a lot lately.
How are you feeling?
Pretty good actually.
[TV Presenter] Last year with
Okinawa coming in on top,
while [indistinct]
languishes at the bottom.
Here.
We have breaking news.
We're getting more information
on the middle-school
serial killer, Girl A,
who escaped juvenile
custody yesterday.
Late last night, the body of
missing high school student
Hikari Yaishi was discovered
on top of the Grand Tower.
According to a statement
by authorities--
He left the body in quite
a hard to reach place,
or perhaps he wasn't the one
who did the actual killing.
If not, then he's telling
us Girl A has wings.
The police believe the
incidents are connected.
According to one of her
friends, Miss Yaishi
was in Shibuya
yesterday at 1:00 PM,
but where she went after that--
A middle school girl
hanging out in Shibuya.
Hold on.
[dramatic music]
Those involved in
the investigation
say that a sharp blade
--was used to--
--Could it be?
No way.
[TV Presenter] Carotid
artery and wrist.
Her carotid artery
and both wrists?
The same kind of wounds as
Girl A's previous victims.
[knocking]
Mr. Mukaido's here.
Knocking six times, how stupid.
Just because his
name has six in it.
This is my angel, Baret
A pleasure to meet you all.
My name's Nasse.
Nice to meet you too.
And I'm Revel, welcome Baret.
[Mirai] What's with the bags?
Oh, these?
Before I came over I
borrowed all kinds of stuff
from the Self-Defense Forces.
What?
Hey, they might not hold
a candle to white arrows,
but at least we
could put up a fight.
The new God will be chosen
using wings and arrows,
so I have a feeling this
is against the rules.
The rules don't say there's
anything to prevent someone
from using human creations
to keep God candidates
from becoming God.
Is that true?
No wonder they call you the
angel of knowledge Baret.
I had no idea.
I'm glad to hear that.
Then you two should take this.
I couldn't.
Come on, is this
some kind of joke?
Does it look like a joke?
I'm dead serious.
Yeah, I get it, but
that's not what I meant.
Step back for a minute.
I'm asking if it's right to
turn children into murderers.
We don't always get
to choose our fates.
Listen, it doesn't matter
who kills Metropoliman
or how they do it.
When everything comes
to light in the end,
they'll be considered a hero.
Just so we're straight, I'm
not saying I want to be a hero.
I don't want to be a father
who surrenders without a fight
and in the process ends up
sacrificing his children.
I was called on to
be a God candidate.
All right then, so be it.
I'll bear that obligation.
We can't just stand
around here talking.
If we don't act immediately,
she's going to claim
her next victim.
Okay, but where
do we find Girl A?
I think I may have an idea.
There's a set of rules
that seem to govern
how she commits her crimes.
[Misurin breathing heavily]
[eerie music]
This is so incredible.
I'm gonna orgasm.
Okay, time to go
pluck the next fruit.
[eerie music]
I need to change clothes.
Mistake-arin.
Well have any God
candidates shown up?
'Fraid not.
In that case, we'll
just have to set off
some bigger fireworks.
Here's a clue.
The three victims Girl
A killed two years ago
were wearing sailor uniforms.
They went missing in
Shibuya, Harajuku,
and then Shibuya again.
The girl they found butchered
at the Grand Tower yesterday
was wearing one as well.
She disappeared in Shibuya.
That means Girl A's
next destination
is gonna be Harajuku.
[TV dinging]
[Nasse] Hey, they've
got an update.
[TV Presenter] This just in,
following yesterday's
discovery of Hikari Yaishi,
a social media posts
says yet another body
--has now been found
--[Mr. Mukaido] What the hell?
[TV Presenter] On top
of the Grand Tower.
[dramatic music]
[Misurin yawning]
I'm so sleepy.
I think she posted that photo
and she's still up
there at the tower.
People on social media
say she's flying around.
[Woman] Look at that.
[Man] She's just
hanging in the air.
[Security Guard] The tower
is closing temporarily.
Please make your way
to the elevators.
[Man] Inspector, above you.
[Inspector] What
the hell is that?
[eerie music]
[Misurin yawning]
I must've tripped out.
Mistake-arin.
[Kanade] Get it together.
Sorry about that. Mr. Poliman.
Damn it!
I figured we could search for
Girl A in Shibuya or Harajuku
and stop her that way.
But it turns out she was at
the Grand Tower all this time.
This isn't a battle of wits.
He's making it
perfectly obvious.
Anyone who's not a cop
at that crime scene
has to be a God candidate.
[kids gasping]
I see.
At the stadium, we could
blend in with the crowd
and remain anonymous, but
there's nowhere to hide here.
We'd have to fight openly
on top of the tower.
[dramatic music]
All right, here we go.
Misurin,
flash.
Misurin, attack!
Misurin, galaxy.
Misurin, starlight!
Misurin, excellent!
Misurin,
rolling thunder?
[Man grunting]
Okay everybody, take the
corpse down with you,
and make sure that nobody
else comes up here.
[Everyone] Understood.
This is ridiculous.
I may love you forever
Misurin, but the fact is
you're a murderer.
This is truly amazing.
I can't believe how hard gramps
is fighting the red arrow.
He'd risk his life for his job.
That's funny.
Mr. Poliman, everyone's
left the area.
[Kanade] Time to
do what I told you.
Okay.
Let's do this Mirai.
Metropoliman's intent
is pretty obvious.
He's luring God candidates
to the top of the tower,
so he can shoot them
with white arrows.
But that also affords
us an opportunity.
Once we're there we'll
shoot him with a red arrow.
The first thing I'll do when
I get there is engage Girl A
and act as a decoy.
When Metropoliman shows up
and is focused on killing me,
you shoot him.
I'd do it myself, but I
can't shoot any arrows.
What, why not?
He's already reached
his quota for now.
He used up his 14 red arrows
while he was looking for God
candidates at the stadium.
Oh, that's right
What do you say, will
you come along with me?
Yes.
Good.
You could use your white arrow,
but a red arrow will do.
That right, Baret?
Yes.
When a God candidate
shoots someone
and gives them a red arrow,
the God candidate
can then command them
to shoot him or her.
However, if they
issue this order,
it has the effect of
nullifying the arrow
initially fired by
the God candidate.
So only the arrow shot
second remains in effect.
This causes them to
reverse their positions.
Really?
I seriously doubt Metropoliman
would take that risk.
He probably hasn't been
shot with a red arrow.
We'll face them head on.
Change into that.
It's for you, Mirai.
This one was borrowed from
the Self-Defense Forces.
Mr. Mukaido, that
looks really heavy.
Are you going to be all right?
Yeah, it's a little rough
with my illness and all,
but the weight won't
affect how fast I can fly.
If you're strong enough
to wear it, it'll be fine.
However, you can
only carry one human.
Yours looks good, perfect fit.
I based it on a protective
suit worn for motor sports
that my company developed.
It's made of a new material
that combines leather
and aramid fibers.
It's light, friction
resistant, impact resistant,
and even stab proof.
And with the dust
repelling mask and hood on,
you can conceal your face.
It was never commercialized
because it was too expensive.
Who knew it'd come in handy
for something like this?
You're looking like a superhero.
Huh?
What?
Nasse and Baret, come with us.
Revel and Saki, you
hold down the fort.
There's no way you'll
be attacked here.
Call us if anything happens.
Got it.
If we were gonna be
fighting in a crowd,
I had planned on
asking you to shoot me
with a red arrow first,
so they couldn't
shoot and control me.
I have a wife and
children to consider.
I intended to get
you to do it, Mirai,
instead of asking Saki,
but I wouldn't be able to
act counter to your ideals.
And I'd lose the
ability to kill.
Excuse me, what does that mean?
Hypothetically, if Metropoliman
doesn't make an appearance,
I'm gonna kill Girl A.
She has wings and can't
be shot with a red arrow.
That makes her a monster
who can't be controlled.
If she escapes, another
innocent girl will be killed.
That's not gonna happen.
She's the one who should
be getting stabbed.
That's as close as we're
gonna get to justice, right?
But our main target
is Metropoliman.
I want to finish him off
while I'm still alive.
[somber music]
Saki.
If Metropoliman doesn't show up,
Mr. Mukaido will kill Girl A.
But it's wrong to kill people.
Please, be there Metropoliman.
[Mr. Mukaido] Hey, what
are you doing over there?
[dramatic music]
About time.
I'm doing some online shopping.
I was looking for
cute hair ribbons.
[Mr. Mukaido] That's
not what I meant.
I'm asking you why you're here.
I'm waiting for Mr. Poliman.
He's coming here?
[dramatic music]
Hey, why are you
standing so far away?
Come closer, I won't bite.
I'm actually itching
to do something crazy.
--Wanna see?
--Where is he?
Where is he coming from?
Mr. Poliman told me if
anyone with wings shows up
I have to stay with them.
So I really don't have a choice.
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Mukaido] This isn't good.
[bomb exploding]
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido!
[closing theme music]